Add empty seq example and collection documentation links (#44)
fsprojects/fsharp-cheatsheet: docs/fsharp-cheatsheet.md

## Lists

> *Lists* are immutable collections of elements of the same type. They are implemented internally as linked lists.

Reviewer: for me 
```suggestion
*Lists* are immutable collections of elements of the same type; implemented internally as a linked list.
```

| [| _; 4 |] -> ...  // match array with 2 items, second item = 4
```

See [Arrays (MS Learn)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/arrays) to learn more. See the [Array Module](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-core-docs/reference/fsharp-collections-arraymodule.html) for built-in functions.

<div id="collections-sequences"></div>

## Sequences

> A *sequence* is a logical series of elements of the same type. Sequences are lazily evaluated, and individual elements are computed only as required, meaning that a sequence can provide better performance in some circumstances. `seq<'t>` is an alias for [`System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable<'t>`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.ienumerable-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A *sequence* is a logical series of elements of the same type. Sequences are lazily evaluated, and individual elements are computed only as required. `seq<'t>` is an alias for [`System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable<'t>`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.ienumerable-1).
```

while the perf comment in general is a decent message, its more text and there's lots of nuance and situational aspects to how the perf pans out so better to not bury the lede. (Basically we're trying to make a JS or Python person think 'its generators', and in general convey 'not allocating/materializing the whole thing' without burning a pile of words to convey it)

Author: Gotcha -- that makes sense.

let seq3 = seq { 1..2..9 }  // start..increment..last; 1,3,5,7,9
```

```fsharp

> let emptySeq : int seq = seq { } // empty works as of F# 9

Reviewer: note sure the `// Create` on L428 adds much - if you move this there, then the blank 435 and paragraph split goes away (IMO opening with how you make an empty one is a natural starting point)

Author: I'm not sure I fully understood this request, but I made updates in b2c3c5d5b75614d2b24b055d6a3b8dfc89ff74d1. Did you want the empty seq first, on the line the "Create" was on? (That "Create" bothered me as well, so happy to have erased it.)

Reviewer: Yes, I would move this line making the empty Seq up as the first example in the block starting at L428

Then the reader sees 
- how to make an empty
- ways of laying out genning items
- incremented generation

which is progressive in its flow?

Author: Got you. I just pushed that change.

let seq3 = seq { 1..2..9 }  // start..increment..last; 1,3,5,7,9
```

> Since [F# 9](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/whats-new/fsharp-9#empty-bodied-computation-expressions), empty sequences can be created using empty-bodied computation expressions.

Reviewer: While there's a window during which its useful for the cheatsheet to point out when something was introduced, its more debatable whether it deserves this much vertical space. The fact you don't need to write `seq { () }` anymore, which is not very discoverable is a nice lang cleanup, but IRL I think most people would just throw in `Seq.empty` anyway.

So maybe replace 428 with
`let emptySeq : int seq = seq { } // empty works as of F# 9`
And then someone can remove the comment in say 2 years?

The links to the docs are good.

I note the text does not mention that a seq is lazy/not materialized - maybe that's obvious to all comers from all languages?

Author: Sure, that seems perfectly reasonable. I felt things might be getting too long myself, so I'm happy to comply. I pushed some updates.

Also, I added a note about lazy evaluation. Feel free to let me know if anything else is needed.

```fsharp
let emptySeq : int seq = seq { }
```

```fsharp

> let html =

Reviewer: note sure about this example - obviously it does show the exact reason this would be used in practice

But there's no other mention of html DSLs in here so a beginner might chuck that into fsi and meet with failure, so not sure whether it belongs?

Author: Solid point. I was on the fence about this one anyway, so I've just removed it. Thanks.
